{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
\f0\fs24
\pard\s1\sb240\sa120{\b\fs44 {\rtlch\f1 \fs52 Demonstration of DOCX support in}}\par
\pard\s1\sb240\sa120{\b\fs44 {\rtlch\f1 \fs52 calibre}}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 This document demonstrates the ability of the calibre DOCX Input plugin to}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 convert the various typographic features in a Microsoft Word (2007 and newer)}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 document. Convert this document to a modern ebook format, such as AZW3 for}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 Kindles or EPUB for other ebook readers, to see it in action.}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 There is support for images, tables, lists, footnotes, endnotes, links, dropcaps and}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 various types of text and paragraph level formatting.}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 To see the DOCX conversion in action, simply add this file to calibre using the}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 \u8220?Add Books\u8221? button and then click \u8220? Convert\u8221?. Set the output format in the top right}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 corner of the conversion dialog to EPUB or AZW3 and click \u8220?OK\u8221? .}\par
\pard\s5\sb240\sa120{\b\fs28 {\rtlch\f1 \fs28 Text Formatting}}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs26 Inline formatting}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 Here, we demonstrate various types of inline text formatting and the use of}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 embedded fonts.}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 Here is some }{\rtlch\f1 \fs24 bold, italic, bold-italic, }{\rtlch\f1 \fs24 underlined and struck out text. Then, we}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 have a super }{\rtlch\f1 \fs16 script }{\rtlch\f1 \fs24 and a sub }{\rtlch\f1 \fs16 script }{\rtlch\f1 \fs24 . Now we see some red, green and blue text. Some text}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 with a yellow highlight. Some text in a box. Some text in inverse video.}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 A paragraph with styled text: }{\rtlch\f1 \fs24 subtle emphasis }{\rtlch\f1 \fs24 followed by }{\rtlch\f1 \fs24 strong text }{\rtlch\f1 \fs24 and}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 intense emphasis }{\rtlch\f1 \fs24 . This paragraph uses document wide styles for styling rather than}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 inline text properties as demonstrated in the previous paragraph \u8212? calibre can handle}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 both with equal ease.}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs26 Fun with fonts}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 This document has embedded the Ubuntu font family. The body text is in the}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 Ubuntu typeface, here is }{\rtlch\f1 \fs24 some text in the Ubuntu Mono typeface, notice how every}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 letter has the same width, even i and m }{\rtlch\f1 \fs24 . Every embedded font will automatically}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 be embedded in the output ebook during conversion.}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs26 Paragraph level formatting}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 You can do crazy things with paragraphs, if the urge strikes you. For instance this}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 paragraph is right aligned and has a right border. It has also been given a light gray}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 background.}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 For the lovers of poetry amongst you, paragraphs with hanging indents, like this often}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 come in handy. You can use hanging indents to ensure that a line of poetry}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 retains its individual identity as a line even when the screen is too narrow to}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 display it as a single line. Not only does this paragraph have a hanging indent, it}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 is also has an extra top margin, setting it apart from the preceding paragraph.}\par
\pard\s5\sb240\sa120{\b\fs28 {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs28 Tables\b0 }}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs22 ITEM NEEDED \b0 }{\rtlch\f1 \fs24 Tables in Word can vary from the extremely}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 Books 1 }{\rtlch\f1 \fs24 simple to the extremely complex. calibre tries to do}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 Pens 3}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 Pencils 2}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 its best when converting tables. While you may run}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 Highlighter 2 colors }{\rtlch\f1 \fs24 into trouble with the occasional table, the vast}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 Scissors 1 pair }{\rtlch\f1 \fs24 majority of common cases should be converted very}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 well, as demonstrated in this section. Note that for}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 optimum results, when creating tables in Word, you should set their widths using}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 percentages, rather than absolute units. To the left of this paragraph is a floating two}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 column table with a nice green border and header row.}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 Now let\u8217?s look at a fancier table\u8212? one with alternating row colors and partial}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 borders. This table is stretched out to take 100% of the available width.}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 City or Point A Point B Point C Point D Point E}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 Town}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 Point A \u8212?}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 Point B 87 \u8212?}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 Point C 64 56 \u8212?}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 Point D 37 32 91 \u8212?}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 Point E 93 35 54 43 \u8212?}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 Next, we see a table with special formatting in various locations. Notice how the}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 formatting for the header row and sub header rows is preserved.}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs22 College New students Graduating Change\b0 }\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs22 students\b0 }\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs22 Undergraduate\i0 }\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 Cedar University 110 103 +7}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 Oak Institute 202 210 -8}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs22 Graduate\i0 }\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 Cedar University 24 20 +4}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 Elm College 43 53 -10}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 Total 998 908 90}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 Source: \i0 }{\rtlch\f1 \fs20 Fictitious data, for illustration purposes only}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 Next, we have something a little more complex, a nested table, i.e. a table inside}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 another table. Additionally, the inner table has some of its cells merged. The table is}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 displayed horizontally centered.}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 One Two To the left is a table inside a}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 table, with some cells}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 Three Four merged.}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 We end with a fancy calendar, note how much of the original formatting is}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 preserved. Note that this table will only display correctly on relatively wide screens. In}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 general, very wide tables or tables whose cells have fixed width requirements don\u8217?t}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 fare well in ebooks.}\par
\pard\s1\sb240\sa120{\b\fs44 {\rtlch\f1 \fs44 December 2007}}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 Su Tu We Th}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 n Mon e d u Fri Sat}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 1}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 2 3 4 5 6 7 8}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 9 10 1 1 1 1 1}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 1 2 3 4 5}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 1 17 1 1 2 2 2}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 6 8 9 0 1 2}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 2 24 2 2 2 2 2}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 3 5 6 7 8 9}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 3 31}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs22 0}\par
\pard\s5\sb240\sa120{\b\fs28 {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs28 Structural Elements\b0 }}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 Miscellaneous structural elements you can add to your document, like footnotes,}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 endnotes, dropcaps and the like.}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs26 Footnotes & Endnotes\b0 }\par
\pard\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 Footnotes }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \fs16 1 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 and endnotes }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \fs16 i }}}{\rtlch\f1 \fs24 are automatically recognized and both are converted to}\par
\pard\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 endnotes, with backlinks for maximum ease of use in ebook devices.}}}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs26 Dropcaps\b0 }\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 rop caps are used to emphasize the leading paragraph at the start of a}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 section. In Word it is possible to specify how many lines of text a drop-cap}\par
\pard\s1\sb240\sa120{\b\fs44 {\rtlch\f1 \fs118 D }{\rtlch\f1 \fs24 should use.}}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs26 Links\b0 }\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 Two kinds of links are possible, those that refer to an external website and those}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 that refer to locations inside the document itself. Both are supported by calibre. For}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 example, here is a link pointing to the }{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://calibre-ebook.com/download"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 calibre download page }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://calibre-ebook.com/download"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 . Then we have a link that}}}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 points back to the section on }{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://calibre-ebook.com/download"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 paragraph level formatting }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://calibre-ebook.com/download"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 in this document.}}}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs26 Table of Contents\b0 }\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 You can see the Table of Contents created by calibre by clicking the Table of}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 Contents button in whatever viewer you are using to view the converted ebook.}\par
\pard\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs20 Demonstration of DOCX support in calibre \b0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs20 ................................................................ \b0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs20 .............................. 1\b0 }}}\par
\pard\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs20 Text Formatting \b0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs20 ................................................................................................................................ \b0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs20 ................ 1\b0 }}}\par
\pard\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 Inline formatting \i0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 ................................................................................................................................ \i0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 ............. 2\i0 }}}\par
\pard\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 Fun with fonts \i0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 ................................................................................................................................ \i0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 ................. 2\i0 }}}\par
\pard\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 Paragraph level formatting \i0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 ................................................................................................ \i0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 ........................... 2\i0 }}}\par
\pard\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs20 Tables \b0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs20 ................................................................................................................................................................ \b0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs20 ... 2\b0 }}}\par
\pard\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs20 Structural Elements \b0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs20 ................................................................................................................................ \b0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs20 ......... 4\b0 }}}\par
\pard\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 Footnotes & Endnotes \i0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 ................................................................................................................................ \i0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 .... 5\i0 }}}\par
\pard\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 Dropcaps \i0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 ................................................................................................................................ \i0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 .......................... 5\i0 }}}\par
\pard\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 Links \i0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 ................................................................................................................................................................ \i0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 . 5\i0 }}}\par
\pard\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 Table of Contents \i0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 ................................................................................................................................ \i0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 ........... 5\i0 }}}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs14 1 }{\rtlch\f1 \fs20 In paged media, footnotes are usually displayed at the bottom of the text. However, in ebooks, a}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs20 better paradigm is to make them clickable endnotes that the user can browse at her pleasure. This}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs20 conversion is handled automatically by calibre.}\par
\pard\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs20 Images \b0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs20 ................................................................................................................................................................ \b0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs20 .. 6\b0 }}}\par
\pard\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs20 Lists \b0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs20 ................................................................................................................................................................ \b0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs20 ...... 7\b0 }}}\par
\pard\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 Bulleted List \i0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 ................................................................................................................................ \i0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 .................... 8\i0 }}}\par
\pard\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 Numbered List \i0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 ................................................................................................................................ \i0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 ................. 8\i0 }}}\par
\pard\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 Multi-level Lists \i0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 ................................................................................................................................ \i0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 ............... 8\i0 }}}\par
\pard\sa120 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 Continued Lists \i0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 ................................................................................................................................ \i0 }}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "#internal"}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\f1 \i \fs20 ................ 8\i0 }}}\par
\pard\s5\sb240\sa120{\b\fs28 {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs28 Images\b0 }}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 Centered images like this are useful for large pictures that should be a focus of}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 attention.}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 There is no analogous technology in ebooks, so the conversion will usually end up}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 placing the image either centered or floating close to the point in the text where it}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 was }{\rtlch\f1 \i \fs24 inserted \i0 }{\rtlch\f1 \fs24 , not necessarily where it appears on the page in Word.}\par
\pard\s5\sb240\sa120{\b\fs28 {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs28 Lists\b0 }}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 All types of lists are supported by the conversion, with the exception of lists that}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 use fancy bullets, these get converted to regular bullets.}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs26 Bulleted List\b0 }\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 \u8226? }{\rtlch\f1 \fs24 One}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 \u8226? }{\rtlch\f1 \fs24 Two}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs26 Numbered List\b0 }\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 1. One, with a very long line to demonstrate that the hanging indent for the}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 list is working correctly}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 2. Two}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs26 Multi-level Lists\b0 }\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 1. One}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 1.1. Two}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 1.1.1. Three}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 1.1.2. Four with a very long line to demonstrate that the hanging indent}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 for the list is working correctly.}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 1.1.3. Five}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 2. Six}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 A Multi-level list with bullets:}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 \u9642? }{\rtlch\f1 \fs24 One}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 \u8226? }{\rtlch\f1 \fs24 Two}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 This bullet uses an image as the bullet item}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 o }{\rtlch\f1 \fs24 Four}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 \u9642? }{\rtlch\f1 \fs24 Five}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \b \fs26 Continued Lists\b0 }\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 i. One}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 ii. Two}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 An interruption in our regularly scheduled listing, for this essential and very}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 relevant public service announcement.}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 iii. We now resume our normal programming}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs24 iv. Four}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs14 i }{\rtlch\f1 \fs20 Endnotes are typically used for longer notes, they remain endnotes when converted into ebook}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs20 form, except that they have an additional backlink to make it easy to return to the current position}\par
\pard\sa120 {\rtlch\f1 \fs20 after reading the note.}\par
}